Agricultural Marketing Service, USDA.
Securities and Exchange Commission.
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
Patent and Trademark Office, Commerce.
National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Commerce.
Food and Drug Administration, HHS.
Environmental Protection Agency.
Department of Education.
Rural Electrification Administration, USDA.
Federal Aviation Administration, DOT.
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, DOE.
Office and Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Interior.
Department of Veterans Affairs.
United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA).
Federal Communications Commission.
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), DOT.
Fish and Wildlife Service, Interior.
Food and Nutrition Service, USDA.
Forest Service, USDA.
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), Commerce.
National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), NOAA, Commerce.
Corporation for National and Community Service.
Office of the Secretary, DoD.
Department of the Army, Department of Defense.
Department of the Navy, Defense.
Department of Energy (DOE).
Office of Fossil Energy, DOE.
Western Area Power Administration, DOE.
Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA), HHS.
Office of Community Planning and Development, HUD.
Bureau of Land Management, Interior.
Bureau of Land Management, Interior, Prineville District.
United States Geological Survey, Interior.
Interstate Commerce Commission.
Drug Enforcement Administration, Justice.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the ``SEC'' or ``Commission'').
Tennessee Valley Authority.
National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), Commerce.
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, HUD.
Immigration and Naturalization Service, Justice.
Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF), Treasury.
Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (OSM), Interior.
Food Safety and Inspection Service, USDA.
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), DOT.
International Trade Administration/Import Administration, Department of Commerce.
Import Administration, International Trade Administration, Department of Commerce.
Import Administration, International Trade Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce.
United States Travel and Tourism Administration (USTTA), Commerce.
Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA).
Federal Trade Commission.
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, HHS (Formerly: National Institute on Drug Abuse, ADAMHA, HHS).
Bureau of Reclamation, Interior.
U.S. International Trade Commission.
United States International Trade Commission.
Foreign Claims Settlement Commission of the United States, Department of Justice.
Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration, Labor.
National Endowment for the Humanities, NFAH.
National Science Foundation.
Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, USDA.
National Institute of Standards and Technology, Commerce.
Social Security Administration, HHS.
Coast Guard, DOT.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA), and Public Health Service (PHS), HHS.
National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Commerce.
Employment and Training Administration, Labor.
United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Forest Service, USDA. The Forest Service is the lead agency for preparing the Environmental Impact Statement. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and U.S. Department of Interior_Fish and Wildlife Service are cooperating agencies.
Rural Electrification Administration and Rural Telephone Bank, USDA.
International Trade Administration/Import Administration/Department of Commerce.
United States-Canada Free-Trade Agreement, Binational Secretariat, United States Section, International Trade Administration, Department of Commerce.
Office of Ocean and Coastal Resource Management, National Ocean Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, DOC.
National Assessment Governing Board, Education.
Bureau of Land Management, Farmington District, Interior.
Bureau of Land Management, DOI.
Geological Survey, Interior.
Office of the Secretary, Labor.
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Department of Labor.
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), Executive Office of the President.
Office of the United States Trade Representative.
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), Department of Transportation.
United States Information Agency.
Commodity Credit Corporation, USDA.
Environmental Protection Agency. Action: Immediate final rule.
General Services Administration.
Department of Defense (DoD).
Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service, USDA.
Federal Housing Finance Board.
Small Business Administration.
Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), DOT.
Department of the Army, DOD.
Headquarters, I Corps and Fort Lewis, Fort Lewis, WA, DOD.
Department of Energy, San Francisco Operations Office.
Office of Fossil Energy, Department of Energy.
Copyright Office; Library of Congress.
Bureau of Consular Affairs, DOS.
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner, HUD.
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Treasury.
Office of Hearings and Appeals, Interior.
Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF), Department of the Treasury.
Postal Service.
Federal Maritime Commission.
Farmers Home Administration, USDA.
Department of Energy.
Environmental Protection Agency, Region II.
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
Bureau of Land Management; Interior.
Fish and Wildlife Service, Interior.
Merit Systems Protection Board.
U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC).
Physician Payment Review Commission.
Securities and Exchange Commission (``SEC'').
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity, HUD.
Research and Special Programs Administration (RSPA), DOT.
National Communications System, DoD.
Military Traffic Management Command, DOD.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA).
Office of Administration, HUD.
Office of Lead-Based Paint Abatement and Poisoning Prevention, HUD.
Bureau of Land Management, Interior.
Department of the Interior, Fish and Wildlife Service.
National Science Foundation.
Office of Management and Budget, Office of Federal Procurement Policy.
Federal Aviation Administration, USDOT.
United States Information Agency.
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), Technology Administration, Commerce.
Customs Service, Treasury.
Railroad Retirement Board.
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), Department of Labor.
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
Federal Communications Commission.
Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC).
Office of the Secretary, USDA.
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Department of Transportation (DOT).
Office of the Secretary, Department of the Interior.
Office of Acquisition Policy, GSA.
Soil Conservation Service, USDA.
Minority Business Development Agency, Commerce.
Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled.
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, DOD.
Department of the Army, DoD.
Law School Clinical Experience Program, Education.
Office of Postsecondary Education, Department of Education.
Environmental Protection Agency (Region 5).
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).
General Accounting Office.
National Institutes of Health, Public Health Service, HHS.
Bureau of Land Management, Lakeview District, Klamath Falls Resource Area, Interior.
Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior.
Bureau of Land Management, Montana, Miles City District, Billings Resource Area, Interior.
National Park Service, Interior.
Securities and Exchange Commission (``SEC'').
Bureau of Indian Affairs, Interior.
Environmental Protection Agency, Region 10.
Department of State.
Veterans Affairs.
Federal Prison Industries, Inc., Bureau of Prisons, DOJ.
Department of Justice.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (ATF), Department of the Treasury.
Copyright Office, Library of Congress.
Bureau of Prisons, Justice.
International Trade Administration/Import Administration Department of Commerce.
International Trade Administration/Import Administration, Commerce.
National Assessment Governing Board; Education.
Advisory Committee on Student Financial Assistance, Education.
AGENCY : Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Agency for Health Care Policy and Research.
Minerals Management Service (MMS), Interior.
National Indian Gaming Commission.
Office of Personnel Management.
Small Business Administration (SBA).
Bureau of Administration, State.
Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight Board.
Bureau of Indian Affairs, Interior.
Department of Agriculture.
Office of the Secretary, HUD.
Inspector General, DOD.
Department of the Air Force, DOD.
Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA.
Army Corps of Engineers, DoD.
Defense Logistics Agency, DOD.
Defense Contract Audit Agency, DoD.
Department of the Navy, DOD.
National Education Commission on Time and Learning, Education.
Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development (aka Institute of American Indian Arts).
Legal Services Corporation.
Resolution Trust Corporation.
Resolution Trust Corporation.
Research and Special Programs Administration, DOT.
Research and Special Programs Administration (RSPA), Department of Transportation.
United States Environmental Protection Agency.
Education.
Forest Service, USDA and Pacific Unified School District.
U.S. Geological Survey, Interior.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
Securities and Exchange Commission (``SEC'' or ``Commission'').
U.S. Army Materiel Command, DOD.
U.S. Army Armament Research, Development and Engineering Center, DOD.
National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Commerce.
Department of the Navy, DoD.
United States Department of Energy.
Energy Information Administration, DOE.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (``U.S. EPA'').
Public Health Service, HHS.
Office of Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, HUD.
Central Utah Water Conservancy District, Interior.
National Archives and Records Administration (NARA).
U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Public Health Service, HHS.
Inter-American Foundation.
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).
Farm Credit Administration.
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), DOT.
National Institute of Standards and Technology, Commerce.
Administrative Conference of the United States.
International Trade Administration/Import Administration.
Import Administration, International Trade Administration, Department of Commerce
National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS). NOAA, Commerce.
U.S. Department of Energy (DOE).
Office of Inspector General, HHS.
Bureau of Land Management (BLM), Burns, Oregon, Interior.
International Trade Commission.
National Science Foundation (NFS).
Office of Personnel Management. aCTION: Notice of meeting.
Securities and Exchange Commission (``Commission'' or ``SEC'').
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, DOT.
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, DOT.
Army Corps of Engineers, DoD.
Defense Intelligence Agency Scientific Advisory Board.
Defense Finance and Accounting Service, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense
Armed Forces Epidemiological Board, DOD.
Office of Refugee Resettlement, ACF, HHS.
Administration on Children, Youth and Families (ACYF), Administration for Children and Families (ACF), HHS.
Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), PHS.
President's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports (PCPFS), PHS, DHHS.
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Housing_Federal Housing Commissioner, HUD.
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Housing_Federal Housing Commissioner, (HUD).
Bureau of Land Management_Interior.
Bureau of Land Management, USDI, and Forest Service, USDA.
Federal Aviation Administration; Transportation.
Office of Government Ethics (OGE).
Office of Thrift Supervision, Treasury.
Administration for Children and Families (ACF), HHS.
Economic Development Administration (EDA), Department of Commerce.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Office of the Secretary, DOI.
Minerals Management Service, Interior.
National Park Service, Interior
Executive Office of the President, Office of Management and Budget, Office of Federal Procurement Policy (OFPP).
Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) and Research and Special Programs Administration (RSPA), DOT.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Public Health Service (PHS), Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS).
Office of Assistant Secretary for Housing_Federal Housing Commissioner, HUD.
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) DOT.
Customs Service, Department of the Treasury.
Office of Foreign Assets Control, Treasury.
Internal Revenue Service, Treasury.
International Trade Administration, Import Administration, Department of Commerce.
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Jacksonville District, DOD.
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, DoD.
Health Care Financing Administration, HHS. The Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA), Department of Health and Human Services, has submitted to OMB the following proposals for the collection of information in compliance with the Paperwork Reduction Act (Pub. L. 96&hyph;511). 1. Type of Request: New collection; Title of Information Collection: Evaluation of the Medicare Case Management Demonstration; Form No.: HCFA&hyph;161; Use: To assess the impact of case management for patients with high cost conditions on quality of care, satisfaction with care, and use and cost of services not covered by Medicare; Frequency: One time; Respondents: Individuals or households; Estimated Number of Responses: 1,800; Average Hours Per Response: .28; Total Estimated Burden Hours: 504. 2. Type of Request: New Collection; Title of Information Collection: Evaluation of the Medicaid Uninsured Demonstrations; Form No.: HCFA&hyph;R&hyph;160; Use: Telephone surveys of individual purchasers and employers offering the demonstration insurance package and comparison group members. Surveys will collect information on demographic characteristics, prior insurance coverage, health status, access to care, and use of services, as well as, employer reasons for participating and their experience with the demonstration; Frequency: Annually; Respondents: Individuals or households; Estimated Number of Responses: Individuals (2,002), Employers (196); Average Hours Per Response: Individuals (.42), Employers (.25); Total Estimated Burden Hours: 1,508. 3. Type of Request: Reinstatement; Title of Information Collection: Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Social Security Administration (SSA), and HCFA Data Match; Form No.: HCFA&hyph;R&hyph;137; Use: Employers identified through a match of IRS, SSA, and Medicare records will be contacted concerning group health plan coverage of identified individuals to ensure compliance with Medicare Secondary Payor provisions; Frequency: Annually; Respondents: Nonprofit organizations, Federal agencies or employees, businesses or other for profit; Estimated Number of Responses: 423,095; Average Hours Per Response: 5.8560843; Total Estimated Burden Hours: 2,477,680. 4. Type of Request: Extension; Title of Information Collection: Analysis of Malpractice Premium Data; Form No.: HCFA&hyph;R&hyph;143; Use: Survey of physician owned medical liability insurers for use in computing the input component of the physician liability component of the Geographic Practice Cost Index and the Medicare Economic Index; Frequency: Annually; Respondents: State or local governments, Small businesses or organizations, Nonprofit organizations; Estimated Number of Responses: Reporting (544), Recordkeeping (68); Average Hours Per Response: Reporting (.25), Recordkeeping (1); Total Estimated Burden Hours: 204. 5. Type of Request: Reinstatement; Title of Information Collection: Emergency & Foreign Hospital Services_Beneficiary Statement in Canadian Travel Claims; Form No.: HCFA&hyph;R&hyph;96; Use: In Canadian travel claims, a statement is required from the beneficiary indicating point of entry into Canada; route being traveled at time of emergency, and an explanation of any deviation from intended route or nonroutine stopover. The intermediary uses this information to determine if the beneficiary was traveling between Alaska and another State through Canada by the most direct route without unreasonable delay to acquire medical care and thus, entitled to benefits; Frequency: On occasion; Respondents: Individuals or households; Estimated Number of Responses: 1,700; Average Hours Per Response: .25; Total Estimated Burden Hours: 425. (recordkeeping). 6. Type of Request: Revision; Title of Information Collection: Survey Report Form; Form No.: HCFA&hyph;1557; Use: This survey form is an instrument used by the State agency to record data collected in order to determine compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments. This information is needed for laboratory certification and recertification; Frequency: Biennially; Respondents: State or local governments, Businesses or other for profit, Federal agencies or employees, Small businesses or organizations; Estimated Number of Responses: 31,200; Average Hours Per Response: .54; Total Estimated Burden Hours: 16,848. (recordkeeping). 7. Type of Request: Extension; Title of Information Collection: Medicaid Management Information System (MMIS); Form No.: HCFA&hyph;R&hyph;4; Use: The MMIS is a State operated, federally mandated, computer system used for automated Medicaid claims processing and information retrieval for program management. Data elements represent the federally imposed recordkeeping requirements of MMIS; Frequency: Annually; Respondents: State or local governments; Estimated Number of Responses: 48; Average Hours Per Response: 45,965; Total Estimated Burden Hours: 2,206,320. Additional Information or Comments: Call the Reports Clearance Office on (410) 966&hyph;5536 for copies of the clearance request packages. Written comments and recommendations for the proposed information collections should be sent within 30 days of this notice directly to the OMB Desk Officer designated at the following address: OMB Human Resources and Housing Branch, Attention: Allison Eydt, New Executive Office Building, room 3001, Washington, DC 20503. Dated: January 26, 1994.
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, HHS, (Formerly: National Institute on Drug Abuse, ADAMHA, HHS).
Bureau of Labor Statistics, Labor.
U.S. Customs Service, Department of the Treasury.
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing, HUD.
Economic Development Administration (EDA), Commerce.
National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Commerce.
Per Diem, Travel and Transportation Allowance Committee.
Department of Education.
Office of Policy, Planning and Program Evaluation, U.S. Department of Energy.
Department of Energy, Idaho Operations Office.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior.
Bureau of Land Management, Montana State Office, Interior.
National Park Service; Delaware and Lehigh Navigation Canal National Heritage Corridor Commission, Interior.
National Park Service; Upper Delaware Citizens Advisory Council.
Employment Service, Employment and Training Administration, Labor.
Immigration and Naturalization Service, Justice.
Office of Ocean and Coastal Resource Management, National Ocean Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), DOC.
National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) NOAA, Commerce.
Southeastern Power Administration (Southeastern), DOE.
Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council.
Department of the Interior.
National Endowment for the Humanities.
Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC).
Securities and Exchange Commission (``SEC'' or the ``Commission'').
Securities and Exchange Commission (``SEC'' or ``Commission'').
AGENCY CONTACT: Tom Kowalski, Case Operations, United States Parole Commission, (301) 492&hyph;5962. Dated: January 25, 1994.
AGENCY CONTACT: Jeffrey Kostbar, Case Analyst, National Appeals Board, United States Parole Commission, (301) 492&hyph;5968. Dated: January 25, 1994.
Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Bureau of the Public Debt, Fiscal Service, Department of the Treasury.
National Marine Fisheries Services (NMFS), National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Commerce.
Environmental Protection Agency (``EPA'').
Environmental Protection Agency (Agency).
Consumer Product Safety Commission.
Ballistic Missile Defense Organization (BMDO), DOD.
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Savannah District, DOD.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA).
Federal Election Commission.
Office of Inspector General, Office of the Secretary, HHS.
Office of the Secretary, Interior.
Minerals Management Service, Interior.
National Civilian Community Corps.
National Science Foundation (NSF).
Office of Management and Budget.
Department of Transportation (DOT), Office of the Secretary.
United States-Canada Free Trade Agreement, Binational Secretariat, United States Section, International Trade Administration, Department of Commerce.
National Archives and Records Administration.
Cooperative State Research Service, USDA.
Securities and Exchange Commission (``Commission'').
Department of the Treasury.
Department of Defense, United States Army.
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Management and Budget, Office of the Secretary, HHS.
Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA).
Department of the Interior, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
National Park Service; Interior.
National Park Service, Department of the Interior.
Office of Procurement, Procurement Policy Division, National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
Import Administration/International Trade Administration, Commerce.
Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), PHS, HHS.
Office of the Secretary, DOT, and Department of Commerce.
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA).
United States Arms Control and Disarmament Agency (ACDA).
Office of Environmental Restoration and Waste Management, U.S. Department of Energy.
GSA.
National Archives and Records Administration, Office of Records Administration.
Prospective Payment Assessment Commission.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the ``SEC'').
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), DOT.
Employment Standards Administration, Office of Workers' Compensation Programs, Labor.
AGENCY : Social Security Administration, HHS.
Postal Rate Commission.
Federal Supply Service, GSA.
Information Resources Management Service, GSA.
National Institute of Standards and Technology, DOC.
National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), NOAA, Commerce.
U.S. Department of Energy, Richland Operations Office.
Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, DOE.
Federal Trade Commission.
Office of Justice Programs, Bureau of Justice Assistance, Department of Justice.
Institute of Museum Services, NFAH.
North American Free Trade Agreement, NAFTA Secretariat, United States Section, International Trade Administration, Department of Commerce.
Office of the Secretary, Department of Transportation.
Office of the Secretary; Forest Service, USDA.
Bureau of Export Administration, Commerce.
Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), Justice.
Agricultural 1 Marketing Service, USDA. 1 Among such other products are the following: Raw nuts; Christmas trees and evergreens; flowers and flower bulbs; and onion sets.
USSTRATCOM, Department of Defense.
Energy Information Administration, Energy.
Energy Information Administration, Department of Energy.
United States Fire Administration, FEMA.
Administration on Developmental Disabilities (ADD), Administration for Children and Families (ACF).
Center for Mental Health Services, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), HHS.
Department of Transportation.
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Treasury.
Departmental Offices, Department of the Treasury.
Federal Crop Insurance Corporation, USDA.
Office of the Under Secretary for Domestic Finance, Treasury.
Federal Grain Inspection Service, USDA.
Office of Inspector General (OIG), HHS.
Federal Transit Administration, DOT.
U.S. Department of Energy.
Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, DOE.
Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR), Public Health Service (PHS), Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
National Institutes of Health, PHS, HHS.
Bureau of Land Management (BLM), Department of the Interior.
National Institute for Literacy Advisory Board, National Institute for Literacy.
